I believe men and women are equal and should be treated accordingly. However, this is not the case. As I look around the world today, I see more and more of the rights men have shrink, while the rights women have swell. Many people strongly disagree with this statement, and it is almost guaranteed that the reader will disagree. However, another one of my beliefs is that you can’t force your beliefs on others, please read on, just to understand why I believe this.

I also believe that men’s issues are ignored and should be noticed as much as women’s. I have many reasons behind my belief in that, all are purely based on fact. Before I describe these reasons, I will acknowledge that women were treated like B-class citizens for multiple years. Having said that, those years are over.

Many argue against this, but I have some things to bring up from personal experience about this topic. There have been many times in many schools when I have seen women allowed to get away with more than men. I have been treated violently by women in front of teachers and other members of the staff, for instance insulted, threatened, punched, and slapped. I have seen friends of mine treated likewise by women, again, in front of teachers and other members of the staff, and nothing was said, until, of course, the man hit back, which is simply crossing the line, because it is always wrong to even look at a woman wrong.

Every time this topic has been brought up in a public manner, the speaker has been ignored, silenced, or verbally decimated. Usually, not even with counter arguments, but instead with blatant insults. This has happened to me many times, as I have brought this up in a public manner on many occasions. This is because people hate, and often refuse, to admit when they’re wrong. It is also not common that anything about men being treated like less than men is brought up in any way other than comical. In fact, many people say we deserve it for what we did to women. However, I believe we shouldn’t blame a whole sex for something that some members of the sex did many years before, just as we shouldn’t blame all of Germany for the crimes of the Nazis.

When I point out the rift in the treatment between the sexes, something that is often brought up is giving birth. People will often say that women should be treated better because they can give birth. A woman cannot have a baby without a man. You may argue that it’s because of the pain and suffering a woman goes through for a child. However, all people at one point or another, will go through incredible pain, from a child to a kidney-stone to a bullet. We should treat all people going through pain the same, rather than praising a group of people because they go through a certain type of pain and suffering.

I don’t want male supremacy, I want gender equality. If we keep treating one sex like they’re better than the other, it will lead to the downfall of society. If we want to continue as a society, then we will have to give up our sexism. Now’s a good time to start.